new resource "azurerm_automation_connection", azurerm_automation_connection_certificate`, `azurerm_automation_connection_classic_certificate` and `azurerm_automation_connection_service_pricipal` (#6847)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/automation_connection.html.markdown

  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.example.name

  sku {
    name = "Basic"
  }
}

resource "azurerm_automation_connection" "example" {
  name                    = "connection-example"
  resource_group_name     = azurerm_resource_group.example.name
  automation_account_name = azurerm_automation_account.example.name
  type                    = "AzureServicePrincipal"

  values = {
    "ApplicationId" : "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000",
    "TenantId" : data.azurerm_client_config.example.tenant_id,
    "SubscriptionId" : data.azurerm_client_config.example.subscription_id,
    "CertificateThumbprint" : "sample-certificate-thumbprint",
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Connection. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the resource group in which the Connection is created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `automation_account_name` - (Required) The name of the automation account in which the Connection is created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `type` - (Required) The type of the Connection - can be either builtin type `Azure`, `AzureClassicCertificate` `AzureServicePrincipal` or user custom types. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `type` - (Required) The type of the Connection - can be either builtin type such as `Azure`, `AzureClassicCertificate`, and `AzureServicePrincipal`, or a user defined types. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

* `values` - (Optional) A mapping of key value pairs passed to the connection. Different `type` needs different parameters in the `values`. Builtin types have required field values as below:

  - `Azure`: parameters `AutomationCertificateName` and `SubscriptionID`.

  - `AzureClassicCertificate`: parameters `SubscriptionName`, `SubscriptionId` and `CertificateAssetName`.

>   - `AzureServicePrincipal`: parameters `ApplicationId`, `CertificateThumbprint`, `SubscriptionId` and `TenantId`.

Reviewer: I think it might be better to have 3 different resources with these properties exposed

* `description` - (Optional) A description for this Connection.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The Automation Connection ID.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Automation Connection.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Automation Connection.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Automation Connection.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Automation Connection.

## Import

Automation Connection can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

```shell

> terraform import azurerm_automation_connection.conn1 /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/group1/providers/Microsoft.Automation/automationAccounts/account1/connections/conn1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
terraform import azurerm_automation_connection.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/group1/providers/Microsoft.Automation/automationAccounts/account1/connections/conn1
```
